1:Apr 14, 2017
  problem: .includes() function will messed up when a certain sub-string of the legal name is also a legal name
  example: on College tab(http://public.tableau.com/views/RegionalSampleWorkbook/College), the field 'gender' has 'men' and 'women',
   so when command is show women, it will both run on the men and women, since the command.includes('men') also return true.
  solution: N/A

2:Apr 14, 2017
  problem: since there maybe same filter name in different fields, it will call the function with the wrong argument
  example: on Obesity tab(http://public.tableau.com/views/RegionalSampleWorkbook/Obesity), when trying to call function about Texas,
   beside state Texas, there are also two county called Texas, so it will first call the county one since the field county is in index 0 and field state is in index 2
  solution: User will notice this problem, and next time when do run this type of command they will probably add the field name, such as show me state Texas,
   so I suggest to do search on field names before searching through filters, if it finds no matches, then keeps search on the whole filters,
   else if it find a match result, then only search filters in that field. (Not yet implemented)

3:Apr 14, 2017
  problem: there are some situations that tab name is also one of the field or filter name, since we first search tab names for switch tab function,
   it will ignore any other function that is about a field/filter with same the name
  example: on College tab(http://public.tableau.com/views/RegionalSampleWorkbook/College), since the tab name and a field name is both 'College',
   it will ignore the all function on field College.
  solution: add a checking condition to avoid switch to current tab, so it will skip the switch function and search for other options in the example situation.
   The limitation is if there is a field name in current tab that is same as the name of another tab, it will still cause trouble. (Implemented by Apr 14 2017)


4:Apr 19, 2017
  
  problem: on tab "Obesity" command "Rhode Island" returns Island county in Washington State.
  specifying 'State' with "Rhode Island" works, but we may want to consider other options. See/edit TODO.txt for ideas on how to fix. (justin)

5:Apr 19, 2017

  problem: Web Speech is set to continuous, but the service times out if you wait too long between commands. Probably done by Google/Chrome to preserve resources. We may be able to add a function to check whether or not Chrome is still listening and reinitiate if needed. (justin)

  